# Lingkod: "The Analysis of Exam Performance by Students"

## INTRODUCTION
Education is considered as a tool for change, and change is occurring at a faster rate than in previous generations. A country's future, welfare, and prosperity may all be ensured through high-quality education. Curriculum, students, teachers, instructional methods, leadership, administration, assessment, and interaction with other apex organizations are all used to determine the quality of education.
Quality education contributes to learning, human development, gender equality, human security, community development, and national advancement, according to UNICEF (2012). Poor quality education is akin to no education at all (UNICEF 2012a). Education, on the other hand, cannot bring about long-term development on its own. It is one of the critical components that must be addressed in order for development to take place.
Considering the geographical context of educational quality, what its indicators are within the cultural environment of specific countries, and the problems associated with delivering excellent education are thus crucial. Ghana's succeeding administrations have increasingly tried and continue to pursue solutions for providing high-quality education. However, there is a scarcity of locally researched literature on concerns of educational quality in the country. 
Strengthening education has become a key component of development initiatives in international organizations and most governments around the world in recent decades. Statements like "achieve entire access to education," "guarantee completion of education," and "raise enrollment rates" are all used to focus emphasis on quantitative indicators in education improvement. Pushing more people through the educational system does not inevitably improve development; instead, the focus should be on boosting educational quality.

Despite the fact that they were created as global goals to be met as a group, they have yet to be met. Due to significant absolute development, "countries starting with inferior bases in terms of initial conditions, many in Sub-Saharan Africa, have been labeled "failures" due to this misconception" (Higgings 2013: 11). Finally, Klasen (2012) critiques the MDGs' structure for implying that prospective development be measured. Take, for example, MDG #2 on education, where the focus is on universal primary school completion rates with little consideration for educational quality (Hanushek 2013: 4). This criticism underlines the fact that, while the MDGs are concrete development goals, they should not be used as planning tools without regard for the unique country. Despite the fact that education is universally recognized as a means of development, the argument over quantity versus quality, how to define and ensure quality, how to assess success, and how to integrate excellent education into many contexts persists.

## STATEMENT OF THE PROBLEM
Today, Teachers measure students’ obtained knowledge progress through assessment and evaluation, yet course grades are heavily weighted by examination scores. Students are pressured to perform well under these conditions in order to graduate. Studying is employed in response to this to achieve high examination scores. Exam formats and student study strategies are widely varied. Yet, researchers have not determined whether specific study strategies are engaged in response to a given exam format. Therefore, this alternate plan paper will focus primarily on previous research studies that have concentrated on collecting information of the student performance or progress, and usage of the cramming study strategy amongst students’ population. Assessment and evaluating format identify the student’s issues as well as their program flaws and preferences, assessment and evaluating performance study strategy approaches and influences will be explained throughout the comprehensive literature review. The review concludes with a summary of the existing research followed by future research recommendations.


## SIGNIFICANCE OF THE PROJECT
Assessment and evaluation are critical tools for tailoring curriculum and instructional techniques to the needs of students, as well as measuring the overall efficacy of programs and classroom activities.The information acquired via assessments and evaluations assists teachers in identifying students' issues as well as program flaws. Assessment is the process of obtaining information from many sources that correctly reflects how well students are meeting curricular requirements. The process of analyzing the quality of student work against set standards and providing a value to indicate that quality is referred to as evaluation.
The goal of assessment is to collect useful information on student performance or progress, or to establish student interests in order to make decisions regarding their learning process. Assessment data assists teachers in determining students' strengths and shortcomings, as well as their general grasp of course material. An evaluation assists educators in adjusting their teaching approaches to ensure the maximum amount of effective learning for each student.  The information acquired via assessments and evaluations assists teachers in identifying students' issues as well as program flaws.Teachers offer detailed feedback to students as part of the evaluation process to direct their efforts toward development.


## METHODS
The data that were obtained from the final examination of student in united states college. This study was conducted for all 1001 students who have registered to the course. The purpose of the study is to examine students practical exam scores. As one of the outcomes from this study is a predictive model, 
the research design utilized linear regression analysis. This design type also allows for 
hypothesis testing. The methodology selection was driven by the research question. Methods will vary depending on the learning outcomes to be measured.  Direct methods are when students demonstrate that they have achieved a learning outcome or objective.  Indirect methods are when students or others report perceptions of how well students have achieved an objective or outcome. elect standardized tests that are aligned to your specific program learning outcomes. Score, compile, and analyze data. Develop local norms to track achievement across time and use national norms to see how your students compare to those on other campuses.

## EXPECTED OUPUT
The goal of educational programs is to improve student achievement. The conversation is focused on one's learning, improving the quality of one's education, and professional development. Learning outcomes have the potential to change education into personalized learning, allowing educational institutions to create instruction models that are suited to students learning preferences. Around the world, learning is expanding at breakneck speed. Every educational institution has its own approach to preparing students for professional careers. There are numerous advantages to implementing solutions to enhance outcome-based learning, teaching, and evaluation. It will increase learning outcomes and speed up the process of continuous quality improvement. What a learner can do as a result of a learning experience is referred to as learning. Based on their visions, missions, and institutional goals, it identifies the characteristics of their ideal graduates. As well as using these as a foundation for creating specific program results. What a student can do as a result of a learning experience is referred to as student learning. Based on their visions, objectives, institutional goals, or outcomes, it identifies the characteristics of their ideal graduates. The information, beliefs, and skills that all learners are required to display at the end of a course are referred to as students' courses. A student's learning specifies that participation in more activities reflects the importance of learning for education, training, and skill development in broad terms. Individuals can benefit from effective learning development programs that assist them better match their choices to their interests, talents, and desired career paths. Learning is one of the strategies to improve the permeability and effectiveness of educational routes, and it was seen as one of the ways to assist the development of human resources. The importance of learning has grown. Learning was often regarded as a tool that may assist students in improving the effectiveness of their educational systems, learning was also seen as a means of improving.
